Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord.
We're on another road trip. We have some
things we have to go
do, but I thought, well, I'll do another
prayer video with you as I drive.
I was already praying before and I just
thought, well, why don't I record this
because I was already interceding for
South Korea, for a revival
in Asia, for a revival in America, for a
revival in Africa all around the world,
and just interceding for
the harvest. I thought, well,
you know, I'll just go ahead and make the
video and we'll upload it. So I'm
just going to get right back into my
prayer time, what I was already
doing. So I thank you for joining me. If
this is your first time being here
with us today, we pray and that's what we
do here. We teach the word of faith, we
teach you how to live by faith, we teach
you how to stand when all
else
there is to do is stand still,
and how to live a victorious
life in these last days. We don't
have to live a busted and disgusted life;
we have the authority of the believer,
and we are able to take that authority
and tread on serpents and scorpions,
and nothing shall by any means hurt us. I
believe we are seated with him in the
heavenlies, just like it says in the word
in Ephesians, that we are joint
heirs
with Jesus Christ. And I want to
encourage you today to think big in
2025. Believe God for big, believe God for
what you call the impossible
in your life. God is going to show up and
show off and do great and mighty things
in your life in
2025. So we're just going to get right
to it and start believing right now.
We're going to pray over 2024 and 2025. I'm
praying for direction for our ministry,
for us, and what the Lord has told us to
do. The Lord has told us and commissioned
us to start Asian channels to preach the
gospel all throughout the world, and then
the end will come. And I believe there's
great and mighty things that we're going
to start to do in these last days, ladies
and gentlemen. And the Lord told me, he
said, 'People don't talk about raising the
dead enough. People are not believing to
raise the dead
enough.'It
shouldn't be
that it's an abnormal thing; it should be
the normal because it's part of the
Great Commission. So I believe we're
missing it
somewhere, that it's time that we start
to use our authority and raise the dead.
And I believe with all my heart creative
miracles are going to start to take
place in your life. Creative
miracles—I'm
talking about eyes that weren't there
are going to come, ears that weren't
there are going to show up. I'm talking
about arms and legs that weren't
there are going to grow out. It doesn't
matter. I heard Brother Billy, Pastor
Billy Burke, say that there was a
woman that had her breast removed
because of cancer, and she was in the
service and she grew back new breasts. So
I just want to tell you that nothing is
impossible to him who believes. So it's
not about just arms, legs, fingers,
or toes; it could be
something very personal to you that you
need. God knows the desires of your
heart and he's going to bring it to pass
in these last days. Believe him for
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. So we're just
going to get right to it.
I
pray the way I pray—I don't pray a lot
in English, I pray in tongues,
and that's how you get in the spirit. So
I'm going to just start praying right
now and I'm going not to try to get
distracted with all the talking
to a camera and looking at the road.
Father, I just thank you
for your holy written
word, for all that you've got in that
book for us, Father, that beautiful Bible.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the word.
I thank you, Lord, that you said
you sent your word and you healed them,
and I believe that we're healed
by the stripes of Jesus. I thank you, Lord,
that no
weapon formed against us will prosper. I
thank you, Father, that
a thousand shall fall at our
side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it
will not come nigh us. So Father, right now
we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
every single person that's traveling for
this holiday season. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that no weapon formed against
them
is going to prosper. I plead the
blood of Jesus over their car, over their
house, over any kind of
demonic assignment that the enemy is
trying to do to kill, steal, and destroy.
We take authority over those demonic
assignments right now in the name of
Jesus and we say, 'Thus far and no
further!'Satan,
you will not touch our families,
you will not touch our businesses, and
you will not touch our finances. You will
get under our feet where you belong, and
you are not able to hinder or harm or
cause any havoc in anybody's life on
this channel. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that there's a bloodline. We plead the
blood, we apply the blood of Jesus, for we
make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. I thank you, Father,
we apply the blood of Jesus over us
from
the top of our head to the soles of our
feet.
Father,
I
thank
you
for your angels. We
thank you for the manifestation of the angels for
protection, for there's a hedge
around and about us with angelic beings.
Father, I thank you that the angels
of the Lord are making war against the
demonic spirits that are trying to come
against us. We thank you, Lord, that
greater is he that is in us than he that
is in the world. We thank you, Lord, that a
thousand shall fall at our side and ten
thousand
at our right hand and nothing
shall come nigh us. Lord,
we believe that we have a covenant with
the God of protection. He will protect us,
he will provide for us,
he
will
watch over us. And we thank you, Lord, for
your supernatural hand on this
house
and
on our finances. We
thank you, Lord, that you will provide all
our needs according to your riches and
glory by Christ Jesus. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that we are the head and not the
tail, above and not beneath; we'll go
through and not go
under. Now, Lord, I
go back into what you said earlier
when
we
were praying for the harvest of souls in
South Korea. God, we thank you
for the harvest. We call forth the
harvest right now in the name of Jesus
all
throughout Asia. We speak a great,
supernatural harvest
like we've never seen
before. We call forth the
blinders to be removed off of their eyes
of false religion.
All throughout America, the
lukewarm—all
these babies that are eating just
the milk of the word—we call them to
grow up and eat the meat of the word. And
I thank you, Lord, the only way that
they'll do that is by the preachers
preaching the meat. So Father, I thank you
that you're raising up men and
women of God to speak and decree and
declare a great, mighty
harvest of the meat of the word,
that they would hear and know
your voice, and that
these babies will grow up and get
a backbone
to be able to walk out and
tread on these serpents and scorpions.
Father, your word
says that we have authority as a
believer. I
thank you
for
this believer's authority in these last
days, that the body of Christ will
rise
up and do what they're called to
do. Father, we thank you
for
the stirring in the body of
Christ in America.
We plead the blood over
this nation, over President Trump,
and over his family. We intercede for his
family. We thank you, Lord, that no weapon
formed against them is going to prosper.
We thank you that the
angels are protecting them. We call forth
your secret service angels, Father, to
watch over President Trump and the
decisions that he's making
already, before he is even in power in
the next 30 days. It's
about a month away, and
he'll be in the office.
There's a lot
that can happen in 30 days, so we hold
the blood of Jesus up against the devil.
You will not be able to hinder or
harm his inauguration. In the
name of Jesus, you are under our feet
concerning this. We will have the victory
over President
Trump's inauguration. We cover this
in the blood. We thank you, Lord,
that we're on
the victory side. We're praying
into
the midterms already, God, that
we'll
have another
Red Wave
in the Senate, in the
House, and
governors—an
overwhelming
majority
that will
sustain for a long time.
Father, I thank you
for godly laws.
If you
notice when Jerome Powell came out, he
kind of spilled the beans a little bit
about
how bad the economy really was.
They're
hiding what they're trying to do, and so
we have to take our
place and pray.
The economy is poised to
crash, but I believe
with what the Lord has shown me about
crypto and the things that Donald Trump
has a plan for, he will turn things around and
bring us out of this pit.
Remember, I saw the economy crash,
the interest rates,
the loaning
freezes—the
Lord warned me about all this.
But we have authority. We're
not going to allow the enemy
to
raise his ugly head out of that
whack-a-mole
hole and allow him to come kill, steal,
and destroy.
We're going to walk in abundance and
victory in finances.
This is a time for the body of Christ to
rise up and have more
than enough
to
pay for the churches
and
send money to the missionaries.
We are going to be the
breadbasket
of the world. Just
as
the blessing is on
Israel, there's going to be a blessing on
America. Father, as we bless Israel,
you said those that bless Israel you
will bless.
We pray for Israel,
we call Israel blessed. We
pray for the
peace of Jerusalem,
that peace that passes all
understanding. We
pray that
innocent
lives and life's blood will be
protected, that children
and
women will be protected. Father,
there's an angelic host watching
over this. I thank
you that
the soldiers
warring
against the
terrorists
will discover all
hidden plots and hidden things.
This would be a
time like never before where you'll see
the righteous
accelerate and the demonic crumble. We're
believing, Father, that you're exposing
darkness in the churches, in
pulpits, and
behind
closed doors.
You're turning the light
on because judgment begins in the
house of the Lord first. We believe
for
supernatural visitations and
demonstrations of the
glory.
We want to go from glory to glory
and deeper rivers of water.
We
thank
you
for
government and for our president. Father,
there is a mighty move on his
household concerning his
marriage. I call forth a
renewing and a refreshing over
his marriage
in the name of
Jesus. Father,
I
thank
you
that
you're a God that
mends. We
thank
you that
his
children
and
grandchildren are
protected. We pray a hedge of protection
around them
and
thank you
that
the deep state will not
touch them. Father,
you have a greater
assignment to protect his
children and him. I thank
you, Lord, for Elon Musk. I saw
them coming against Elon Musk, and I
thank you, Lord, that he
is
radically born again.
I thank you for a supernatural
protection over Elon Musk, Father, and
that
they would use
Starlink for the glory.
I thank you, Lord, that
you're exposing all hidden moles in the
cabinet,
all hidden deep state people
around him influencing him.
We say in the name of
Jesus that this is
exposed—the
hidden things to
derail the plan
and undermining
what
President Trump
is
saying.
It won't happen. He's
bold as a lion, but it's
a spirit
of
intimidation, a
Jezebel spirit assigned to the
White
House.
That
is
what
affecting Biden right
now; it is taking over his
mind. Father, we pray over Biden
as he ends
in the next 30
days and starts to transition
into
retirement. I thank
you, Father, that he doesn't make any
stupid
decisions to cause any greater
war. I saw them
burning files and
private documents in Ukraine,
destroying
computers
so
there was no evidence of
corruption. And I thank you, Lord, that
there was somebody who had
a
file saved
to expose the darkness, and they'll
come forth at the right
time.
For 2025,
Lord, speak to each individual person.
Show them
the way for what
you've called them to do.
We
thank
you,
Lord, for
the
assignments
going into January. We pray over
January—there's
such an anticipation.
Going into the first quarter
of 2025,
things are
changing.
I see
green pastures,
green valleys,
and
still
waters. A
grace,
a window, an opportunity for
change. A
great acceleration of
things.
Some will grab
onto
it and some will stay
asleep. There is a majority
of the remnant that
will latch onto this time, for
they have an urgency in their
spirit. They
know
the signs of the times. They're
watching the fig tree.
I told you, a great acceleration, a
seed time and
harvest.
The harvesters are going
to go hand in hand, and
stepping into the supernatural will be
as easy as taking a
breath. We'll see the first blade,
then the ear, then the full
manifestation of what I have for you in
these days
ahead. First the blade, first the blade. You
are in that stage right now
as you see this new
government coming in in America. You'll
see a turn for my
remnant. The remnant is getting
itself ready. Are the
harvesters getting
ready to bring forth
the
lost
sheep
out of the darkness? For
he is
about the harvest.
We call the wall to be
broken
down. When he said, 'Gorbachev, take down
that
wall,'Ronald
Reagan—Father,
I thank
you. It's extending the time.
People see
it's about the harvest,
and
some
are
talking about the
Rapture
happening
now, but we're not leaving
defeated. I
see
a work to be done.
It's not time yet for the
Rapture.
I see a window of work
and
a
harvest, and a
harvest takes work. It's a lot of work to
bring in the harvest. If you've been
raised on a farm, you
know
the
harvest comes every year. It's the
hardest time of the year to work,
when all hands
are on deck because you
don't want the
crops to spoil in the fields.
My
uncles
would
have those lights on
those tractors until
3:00
in the morning
because
there's a rain coming, a storm
coming. They work even harder
because they don't want to lose that
crop.
So the harvest is going to come in a
window, but there is
much work to be
done. The Lord
told my wife,
'You're tired.'The older generation says
they're tired, but
he has work to do. That's why
he's raising up a new generation of
Davids
and
Joshuas to take the baton from the
elders
to bring forth the harvest. There
will be a mighty harvest of souls in
these last
days.
It would behoove you
as an
elder to not just sit on the
sidelines,
for a great harvest of souls is
coming—a
window of
time starting
from Rosh
Hashanah to
Rosh Hashanah.
A
great harvest,
an intensity of prayer,
separating yourself unto
him. More separation, more
dedication, hearing him
and
spending more time with him,
for he's bringing forth
marching orders.
Arise and shine, for the light
has come and the glory of the Lord is
risen on
you. It's a victim mentality that's
holding us
back, but
the
Lord
is
bringing you out of
that. For you are not a
victim, you're a victor.
We're more than conquerors through him
that loved us.
It's what he did by
his precious blood on
Calvary.
I keep seeing a diffusing of
things.
We must
pray for Donald Trump each day.
Praying for
wisdom.
That Solomon anointing is coming on him
to lead this nation.
It will take
a God anointing,
a supernatural wisdom to turn
this around. You do not realize how bad
it really is; they have held it
so that things will not
completely crash.
There
are
some dark things
behind closed
doors,
but the Lord
has his hand on us because of the
intercessors.
We have the ability to
change things by the intercessory
prayers of the
righteous.
In
October, when the people were
praying,
things
shifted in the courtrooms of heaven. God's going to
have this
harvest—a
major harvest
of souls and healings.
And it's going to start
in Asia, too. There are billions of people who live in Asia,
and it's stirring inside of
me to intercede for South Korea,
China,
Japan, and the Philippines.
That's why I'm
starting
these channels,
because the Lord said, 'Teach my people
how to pray, teach my people how to live
by faith.'I believe
God's called us for such a time as
this.
We can walk on water, raise
the dead, and cast out devils. We have
that same anointing
inside of
us. We're going to
start laying hands on people, and the
fire of God's going to drive out that
sickness.
If
you see miracles,
let us know in the comment
section.
I
hear the
sound of an abundance of rain. Things are
going to
change.
The camels are
coming for your finances. It's time for
you to believe for what seems
to be
impossible—to
pull it into the natural.
It's time
to
believe El Shaddai, our Most High. He
will provide for
you.
There's a great shifting about to
take place.
We're about to see liftoff,
and we'll say, 'Oh, what a plan!
Oh, what a
planner!'Glory
to
God! We thank you, Father, for
the breakthrough.
is
going to be a good year.
A
great turnaround is coming, but we
cannot take our foot off the gas. We've
got to press even harder.
Yes,
darkness—earthquakes
in diverse
places—but
it's not going to scare us because we
walk in abundance and victory.
I hope
this video blessed you.
I'm interceding
for
Europe, Africa,
Asia,
South
America, and all throughout the Middle East.
We are a prayer army, and I'm
believing for a
million-soul
army—a
million prayer warriors
every day to come on here and pray.
We will take the land for Jesus
Christ. We're not going to fall
back into our comfort zones;
we're going to be bold
because we're running out of time. This
is our last call.
One last
call.
He's
coming, but he wants to give you
that one last time to come to him
today.
Run to the ark before the flood
comes. As the days of
Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man
returns. It's time
to
get on the ark.
Rise and shine, for the light has
come.
Thank you for
joining me.
Please like, subscribe, and click the
notification bell.
God bless
you all. Have a wonderful
day. Bye-bye. Remember, put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves
you and we love you. We'll see
you later. Bye-bye.